Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here,
and today we will be talking about a science
fiction fantasy film called Full Metal Alchemist,
be ready for some spoilers ahead!
Somewhere far away from the city, a mother
is putting up the blankets for her children.
An assortment of items are combined together
in the transmutation circle by two brothers
and they rush to their mother, proudly displaying
their achievements.
The mother hugs them warmly, to show them
her love, but when the boys leave to play,
she drops to floor suddenly and dies as a
result of an unknown sickness.
Not willing to lose their mother forever,
the brothers plan to transmute the woman into
existence by combining every single element
that makes up the human body.
They put the materials in the center of the
alchemy circle and begins performing the ritual.
A large amount of energy begins gathering
inside the house, and the brothers realize
that something is very wrong.
The house is ripped open by the conjuring
powers and the two are lifted into the air
one by one, as they scream hopelessly for
each other's name.
Many years later in the city of Reole, The
older brother Edward is chasing after a priest
with a mysterious red stone.
The magical rock allows him to use alchemy
without drawing any transmutation circles,
and Edward is force to run away from the rising
stone pillars.
The man then summons multiple monsters using
the stones around him and orders them to attack,
but the young alchemist conjures a spear and
proceeds to destroy the creatures one by one.
Another person in full armor rushes in and
kills the creatures using his bare hands,
as he throws the monsters around and breaks
them into pieces.
However, the man's helmet gets knocked to
the floor and reveals that the armor is empty
inside.
Edward also shows that he has prosthetic limbs
after destroying the monsters, and is recognized
as the famous soldier known as the full metal
alchemist.
The two chase the man into the population
center, and the main character punches the
man with his prosthetic arm, knocking the
stone away from the fingers.
The military led by colonel Mustang arrive
and apprehends both of them in order to control
the situation immediately.
Edward shouts for the colonel to give him
the rock which is called the philosopher's
stone, but Mustang lights the object on fire
as it melts away, showing that it's no more
than a fake.
Edward becomes disheartened as he's been looking
for the stone for a long time, but the suit
of armor tries to comfort him and reveals
that he's actually the younger brother named
Alphonse.
The priest takes the opportunity to run away
from the soldiers, as the colonel takes Edward
back to the headquarter, leaving Alphonse
behind to clean up the mess.
What the people don't realize is that they
are being watched by three mysterious figures
who clearly show great interest in in the
fight that just occurred.
Back at the military headquarters, colonel
Mustang is trying to convince Edward that
the real philosopher's stone doesn't exist,
but the young man refuses to accept this as
the object he encountered displayed immense
powers.
Mustang argues by saying that the stone was
only an amplifier, not something that can
achieve human transmutation,
which is what Edward desires to do as he desperately
wants to regains his brother's body and his
missing limbs.
Their arguments are interrupted by captain
Hughes as he accompanies general Hakuro to
the room.
The senior officer greets the young man warmly
as he's heard numerous things about the full
metal alchemist and desires to meet with Alphonse
who's a living suit of armor.
After the meeting, captain Hughes accompanies
Edward as he advices him to listen to the
colonel,
but he also reveals that he's sent here from
the central command so that he may conduct
an inspection, as there are suspicious things
happening in this military base.
Their conversation is interrupted by Edward's
childhood friend Winry, who rushes over to
examine his prosthetic arm and complains about
it's damage and how she has to fix it again.
On the other side, the priest from before
is meeting with the three mysterious people
and reveals that they are in fact working
together.
He blames his failure on the stone that he
received which is clearly a fake, but the
woman who's name is Lust ridicules him for
believing that there's actually a real philosopher's
stone.
her accomplice, Envy walks towards the priest
and transforms into him, while the woman extends
her claws and kills the old man immediately.
The other large man who they call Gluttony
opens his mouth and devours the dead body
in one shot.
At night, Edward begins to dream about his
earlier life when he first attempted to transmute
his mother through alchemy.
He was bought into a dimension in front of
the gate of truth, where all knowledge in
the universe lies within.
Edward also meets another entity who claims
to be god, and opens the gate for the young
man where numerous hands pull him inside the
doorway.
The man begins seeing the truth of the universe,
and eventually his mother from far away, as
he desperately tries to reach out for her.
Suddenly, he's brought back to the white room,
but now he has obtained vast amounts of the
knowledge about alchemy including the process
of human transmutation.
However, Edward begins noticing one of his
leg disappearing as it transfers onto the
mysterious deity who tells him that this is
part of the equivalent exchange.
He wakes up in the living room missing one
leg, and notices that his brother Alphonse
was taken as well.
He looks over at the alchemy circle and is
shocked to sees the monstrosity that he created
which resembles nothing close to his mother.
Edward knocks over the suit of armor in the
living room and demands to have his brother
back as he begins to transmute once more.
The deity calls the man a fool for coming
back here as it slowly takes possession of
his arm as well.
The main character wakes up sweating profusely
as his brother watches over him, revealing
that he's been having the same dream for a
long time.
The next day, colonel Mustang takes the brothers
to meet an alchemist name Tucker at the order
of the general,
as the man believes that this will help Edward
in his quest of searching for the philosopher's
stone.
They arrive at the mansion and meets the scientist
along with the daughter Nina and their dog
Alexander.
Apparently the alchemist is very stressed
right now because of the upcoming examination
from the military which will determine his
usefulness to the organization.
He shows Edward the Chimeras that he created
by fusing different animals into one creature.
Tucker explains that he was able to make a
talking Chimera 2 years ago which gave him
the position as a state alchemist, but the
creature only spoke three words before eventually
dying.
Through their conversation, Ed reveals that
he sacrificed his arm in order to bind his
brother's soul into the armor,
but because of that, Alphonse lost his memories
about what happened during the human transmutation
where he also looked into the gate of truth.
Tucker offers to help the young man by promising
to recover his brother's memories and perhaps
finding out a way to restore their bodies.
They leave Alphonse behind with Tucker and
arrives at the train station, after receiving
a lead about a scientist named Doctor Marcoh,
who may know more about the philosopher's
stone.
They head towards the town where the doctor
was last seen, and the girl was able to spot
a man that resembles who they're looking for,
rushing off the train immediately.
The two follows the trail to a hospital and
enters the building, only to be shot at by
the doctor who thinks that they are from the
military.
Edward reacts quickly, disabling the gun before
anyone got hurt and knocks the man unconscious.
After Marcoh wakes up, Edward demands to know
the truth about the philosopher's stone, but
the doctor refuses to help him stating that
it's for his own good.
Suddenly, the man notices something wrong
and shoots behind the two, revealing that
lust was spying on them this whole time.
The woman continues to walk towards the doctor
as he fires again, but her wounds heal very
quickly and she pins the man onto the wall.
Edward tries to help but gets pushed back
as the woman throws him onto the wall along
with the girl as well.
She then stabs Marcoh through the heart and
vanishes.
Edward rushes toward the old man to try and
save him, but before the doctor dies, he reveals
that the truth about the stone's origins can
be found within laboratory 5.
The main character rushes to board the train
immediately and gets back to Tucker's house
the next day, only to find that everyone is
missing inside the building.
He eventually finds the alchemist on the second
floor and the man reveals his newest creation,
a Chimera that's capable of speaking.
Edward examine the creature closely as it
begins talking and realizes the terrifying
truth about it's origins.
Tucker has created the Chimera by using his
own daughter and their dog,
and it's also revealed that his first Chimera
that spoke was a result of experimenting on
his own wife, who disappeared around the same
time.
Edward charges towards the man and punches
him continuously with anger, but Alphonse
appears just in time and was able to stop
his brother from killing Tucker.
The military led by Colonel Mustang arrives
,taking everything in the house for evidence
and apprehends the mad scientist for committing
human experimentation.
Edward laments in the rain with his brother,
feeling extremely powerless.
He questions how he can restore their bodies
if he can't even save the life of the little
girl.
He spends the next three days inside the library
with the help of captain Hughes and his lieutenant
Ross, trying to figure out the location of
laboratory 5,
but they are unable to find any clues, nor
the existence of doctor Marcoh.
The general interrupts their research and
claims that he knows the location that they
are looking for.
According to Hakuro, laboratory 5 is a nickname
given to the cannery in the military that's
no long operational.
Not asking any further questions, Edward rushes
out of the door towards the the facility before
the captain can stop him.
They arrive at the building quickly, but the
three are not able to find anything unusual
about this location.
At the same time, Captain Huges notices a
pattern on the map regarding the four laboratories
preceding laboratory 5,
forming what appears to be a transmutation
circle that engulfs the entire city.
The captain figures out the location of final
laboratory by completing the geometry and
realizes that it's located in the prisoner
of war camp.
Suddenly he hears someone behind him and slowly
turns around, only to see that lust has made
it inside the military building.
He immediately recognizes her tattoos on the
chest, indicating that she's a homunculus
meaning that she was artificially created
using alchemy.
The woman plans to kill the captain for knowing
too much, but he's able to survive her attack
and escape the room just in time.
The Captain rushes to call the Colonel on
the pay phone, to tell him about the secrets
of the military,
but feels a presence approaching from behind
and turns around, only to see that Mustang
is pointing a gun towards him.
The man tries to fight back, but the colonel
morphs into his wife which shocks the captain,
and the assassin shoots him immediately.
The man turns back into Mustang and walks
away, as the bystanders run away after witnessing
the murder.
Luckily, the captain was able to tell the
real colonel through the phone about the location
of laboratory 5, before finally passing away.
At the same, Edward leaves the cannery with
the group, only to be arrested by the military
and held captative inside a room where he
finds lieutenant Hawkeye as well.
She tells the alchemist that the military
is looking to capture the colonel after witnesses
saw him murdering the captain, and they are
held captive for being associated with the
man.
On top of that, the mad scientist Tucker has
somehow escaped as well.
However, the two are quickly able escapes
the facility by tricking the guards into the
room and knocking them out.
Hawkeye reveals that Mustang has told her
about laboratory 5 and is heading there right
now by himself.
Edward manages to enter the building with
Hawkeye and sees that the colonel is confronted
by the military soldiers along side lieutenant
Ross.
Mustang snaps his fingers and sets the lieutenant
on fire, while everyone looks in shock at
the burning woman.
The colonel tells the people to calm down
as the burnt body begins moving again, eventually
recovering back without any damage.
It turns out that Ross was impersonated by
Envy, and lust appears with Gluttony along
side their accomplice.
She tells Gluttony to take care of the soldiers,
and the big man begins transforming into a
gigantic mouth, chasing away the the military
as they shoot in fear.
She then shoots her claws at the colonel and
pierces him right through the stomach, before
leaving the man to die.
Edward chases after the woman and eventually
enters a room with a giant transmutation circle.
He notices Tucker pointing a gun towards him
after kidnapping both Alponse and Winry, threatening
to kill them if Edward tries to attack.
The man then takes out a philosopher's stone
and tells Edward that the military has been
secretly making them using the prisoners in
this building.
In fact, Doctor Marcoh and his team have made
thousands of the stones using human lives,
and if Edward wanted to regain the body of
his brother, he will need the sacrifice of
other humans.
Before he can finish talking, Tucker is stabbed
through the stomach by Lust from behind, who
wants to silence the man before he reveals
too many secrets
General Hakuro appears as well and was apparently
working with the woman for a long time.
However, he decides to betray her plan by
attempting to use the stones to create numerous
artificial humans in order to make an army
to rule this country.
He begins injecting all the stones into the
lifeless bodies on the ceiling, and the creatures
begin coming to life one by one, before dropping
down onto the floor.
Thinking that he's made the ultimate army,
the General walks towards the monsters in
excitement, but they begin attacking the man
all together and devours him alive.
The colonel begins attacking the creatures
by engulfing them in flames, and notices that
you can kill them by destroying their heads.
He tells the lieutenant to gather the soldiers
and aim for the creatures heads, while he
chases after the Homunculi.
Alphonse begins to recover the ability to
move as Edward protect both of them by fight
off the monsters.
The younger brother apologizes for being taken
hostage, as he hides Winry inside his armor,
but Edward is glad that no body was hurt in
the process.
At the same time, Lieutenant Hawkeye gathers
an army of soldiers to kill the monster's
that are coming this way.
They all begin firing at the creatures and
knocking them onto the floor one by one after
learning their weakness.
Meanwhile, Colonel Mustang catches up with
the enemies and sets Envy on fire, but soon
falls down as he struggles from the pain of
the previous wounds.
The woman laughs at the man's suffering as
she claims to be immortal and shows him the
philosopher stone that's within her, giving
her incredible healing abilities.
She then attacks the colonel by using her
claws, but Edward intercepts and manages to
hide them behind a stone wall he created.
The main character realizes that the woman
is boasting about her abilities in order to
by time for her comrade as he noticed that
Envy is no longer regenerating like before.
Mustang takes the opportunity to set Envy
on fire again, and this time the homunculus
dies permanently as he gets turned into dust.
The woman attacks Edward by pinning him to
the floor, but a stone wall rises between
them and destroys her claws.
It turns out that Alphonse can also use alchemy
without a transmutation circle after recovering
his memory from the gate of truth.
Seeing that the enemy is wounded, Mustang
begins lighting the homunculus on fire continuously
and grabs the philosopher's stone from her
chest, killing the woman by turning her into
dust as well.
Gluttony sees that all his comrades are dead,
and is forced to hide from the soldiers as
he mourns.
The colonel gives the philosopher's stone
to Edward so that he may finally make his
brother human.
The main character strikes his palms and sees
the gate of truth once again.
He turns around and sees Alphonse's body,
no longer a boy anymore.
The diety walks towards Edward and tells him
to trade, but the man refuses at the last
moment, not willing to use human lives to
benefit his personal desires.
He promises to come back for his brother as
he shouts Alphonse's name.
The alchemist returns to his reality and apologizes
to his brother, but Alphonse forgives him
as he also rejects using the stone, given
its origins.
They all stare into the distance as the sun
finally rises once more.
Edward looks at his brother as they sit inside
the train, promising to find a better way
to bring back their bodies, as they continue
to venture forth into into their futures.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below, and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more, I'll see you guys next time!